readme.md, before:

# Intro To Learning
## 2021-10-11
Copying the lit starter pack for TypeScript, then reading the TypeScript tooling overview, then getting made at all the shit in the world that has happened in the past 5 years while I've been doing stupid ATO documentation, I got my barebones setup.

1. Create a directory for the project
1. Install NPM
1. Create a tsconfig.json file based on example from typescriptlang.org
1. Replace that safe one with info from the lit ts starter kit
1. Install typescript from NPM (typescript tooling in 5 minutes)
1. Read up on --watch and add that section to the tsconfig.json file
1. Create a package.json for NPM
1. Add the wds/dev-server for NPM
1. Add some 'scripts' in the package.json (I guess these are shortcuts for NPM commands?)
1. run 'npm install' to read the package file and download a bunch of crap
1. Oopsies, better do a .gitignore to ignore the 3+Gb of NPM files
1. Try out the package.json script for build and serve  Both will watch
1. Write up this readme for lucky #13

Commit message:

setting up a nicer looking project

readme.md, after:

# Intro To Learning
## 2021-10-11
Copying the lit starter pack for TypeScript, then reading the TypeScript tooling overview, then getting made at all the shit in the world that has happened in the past 5 years while I've been doing stupid ATO documentation, I got my barebones setup.

1. Create a directory for the project
2. Install NPM
3. Create a tsconfig.json file based on example from typescriptlang.org
4. Replace that safe one with info from the lit ts starter kit
5. Install typescript from NPM (typescript tooling in 5 minutes)
6. Read up on --watch and add that section to the tsconfig.json file
7. Create a package.json for NPM
8. Add the wds/dev-server for NPM
9. Add some 'scripts' in the package.json (I guess these are shortcuts for NPM commands?)
10. run 'npm install' to read the package file and download a bunch of crap
11. Oopsies, better do a .gitignore to ignore the 3+Gb of NPM files
12. Try out the package.json script for build and serve  Both will watch
13. Write up this readme for lucky #13


# Reorganize the project.
Now I'm going to see about reconfiguring the project to put the output stuff in a "_build" folder. I'm thinking the build folder will contain the actual website.  I'll need to change how the compiled output works, and change where the website serves from.

1. Create the _build filder
1. Copy the website files into it, leaving all the config
    1. Leave all the configuration in the root
    2. Leave all the "coding" in the 'src' folder
    3. Putting all the good good outpu in the '_build'
1. Edit the tsconfig.json to change the compile output directory
1. Edit the package.json, update the script for the wds server with --root-dir flag



# TODO list

1. Get SASS or somekind of CSS project to output into the build folder
